{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\title ComDlg}{\author Charlie Calvert}
{\operator Frank Borland}{\creatim\yr1992\mo3\dy30\hr11\min29}{\revtim\yr1992\mo4\dy2\hr15\min33}{\version23}{\edmins243}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern16504}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 
\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} CommonDialogs}}{\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Common Dialogs}}Common Dialogs
\par 
\par \pard {\strike Overview}{\v Overview } of program
\par  {\v 
\par }{\strike Files}{\v Files} common dialog 
\par {\v 
\par }{\strike Colors}{\v Colors} common dialog 
\par {\v 
\par }{\strike Fonts}{\v Fonts} common dialog
\par {\strike Sounds}{\v Sounds} common dialog
\par \pard 
\par \pard {\v \page }{\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Overview}}{\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Overview}}Overview
\par \pard 
\par        \tab This program  demonstrated three common dialogs available to programmers under Win31.
\par \pard {\v \page }{\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Files}}{\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $ Files} }}Files
\par \pard 
\par \pard \tab Open a Files Common Dialog.  Click on the name of  sound file, (*.wav) and the Common Dialogs demo will play the file for you.
\par \pard \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Colors}}{\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Colors}}Colors
\par \pard 
\par \pard \tab Open a Colors Common Dialog. Click on a color and close the dialog and the output will show in the color chose.
\par \pard \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Fonts}}{\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Fonts}}Fonts
\par \pard 
\par \tab Open a Fonts Common Dialog. Use the dialog to choose a new font.
\par \pard \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Sounds}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Sounds}} Sounds
\par \pard 
\par \tab Opens and plays a .WAV file selected by the open file dialog
\par 
\par \pard Enabling Sound capabilities on your system may involve loading a sound driver for your particular sound hardware board installed.
\par \pard 
\par If your system has only a speaker, you may enable sounds by the following:
\par 
\par 1.Copy the file SPEAKER.DRV to your windows directory.
\par \pard 2. Edit your SYSTEM.INI file and find the section for  [drivers] and place a new line with the following contents:
\par \pard \tab wave=speaker.drv
\par \pard 3. You may now load Windows and choose the Control Panel|Drivers icon and select the setup button to install the speaker driver.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par }